.\" bmud.1 man page for bmud
.\" original manpage started october 1999
.\" http://math.smsu.edu/~erik/software.php?id=5
.\" $Id: bmud.1,v 1.2 2004/01/04 15:51:03 erik Exp $
.\"===========================================================================
.Dd August 5, 2002
.Dt bmud 1
.\"===========================================================================
.Sh NAME
.Nm bmud
.Nd GNOME based MUD client.
.\"===========================================================================
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Fl vh 
.Op Fl other GNOME options
.Op Ar server:port
.\"===========================================================================
.Sh DESCRIPTION
This program provides a GUI based medium for communicating with a MUD, MUSH, or
MOO server.
This software is
.B ALPHA GRADE
software, so don't be suprised by bugs, crashes, and other oopses.
Please report bugs to
.IR erik@math.smsu.edu
or
.Ir erik@smluc.org
.Pp
.\"===========================================================================
.Sh OPTIONS
.Bl -tag -width
.It Op Fl v
Show version and exit.
.It Op Fl h
Show help and exit.
.El
.\"===========================================================================
.Sh DIAGNOSTICS
.Nm
returns 0 on success and non-zero on failure. The help (-h) and version (-v)
flags return 0. Operational errors return a negative value and interface
(human) errors return a positive value.
.Pp
.Bl -tag -width 4n -offset indent -compact
.It Sy -1
malloc or read error
.It Sy 0
Success, -v, or -h
.It Sy 1
poorly defined option (missing mandatory argument, etc) or -?
.It Sy 2
unknown option
.El
.Pp
.\"===========================================================================
.Sh BUGS
Other than a crappy manpage, 
.Nm
has no known bugs. Please report any to
.An <erik@smluc.org>
.\"===========================================================================
.Sh AUTHOR
.An Erik Greenwald <erik@smluc.org> <erik@math.smsu.edu>
http://math.smsu.edu/~erik/software.php?id=5
