This is a quick "how to contribute" guide. If you're not on the bmud mailing 
list, you probably should be. 

	$ echo subscribe | mail bmud-request@mail.dynsol.net


=================== Code Style ========================

******
Indentation is tabbed, not spaced. If you use spaces, I will hunt you down and 
beat you with a silly stick :) This is because A) tab is easier than space space
space space space ... and B) it's trivial to set how many spaces a tab delimits
to, so people who like 2 or 4 or 8 or pi spaces of indentation can all be happy.

******
Braces should be placed on lines by themselves, indented to the same level as 
the preceding statement. I prefer the consistancy, even tho I'm wrong :) 

	Myfunc( int x )
	{
		int y;
		if( x > 3 )
		{
			y = whatever;
		}
	}


******
Naming of functions should represent a general catagory and specific activity. 
Naming of variables is unregulated. I try to keep the names fairly intuitive...

******
Spacing for functions: I like to do stuff like "void myfunc( int x, int y )" so
it's fairly easy to see that's going on. If there's a math formula that has a
lot of crap, I try to use spacing to help signify what's going on. This is a
clip from color.c as of 0.4: if( in[n]==-1 && in[n+2]==1 )
hopefully there won't be anything more complex than that? :)

******
Commenting should be brief and concise, but definitly present if code is not 
obvious. Comments are meant to clear up ambigouities, not fill books :) One very
important detail is to use C style commenting, *NOT* C++ style commenting. I
know that it's fun to use // instead of /* */, and I also know that the various
tools can be flagged to accept c++, but I don't wanna learn all the flags and I
want to keep as close to ansi as possable. If gtk+ were ansi, I'd be using
-ansi -pedantic -Wall -Werror for compiling... :)

******
The only coding standard that really pisses me off is the indentation thing...
And the comments. :)


==================== submission ===========================

Diff patches. :) move your working structure to another name (hopefully one that
has something to do with the patch)

	$ mv bmud-0.x bmud-0.x-neato_feature

unpack the original of the same version (so I know how to apply the patch)

	$ tar zxvf bmud-0.x.tar.gz

cd into your modified versions directory

	$ cd bmud-0.x-neato_feature

clean up what you can

	$ make distclean ; rm *~ */*~

make the patch file

	$ diff -urNb bmud-0.x bmud-0.x-neato_feature > bmud-0.x-neato_feature.patch

edit the patch file and clean up unnecessary crap. I did a patch for one gamei
that gave me a frikkin' half meg patch file, but after hand editing I had a mere
6k file. Most of the file was like the configure script and assorted stuff like
that. PLEASE clean up the patch file :)

Email the patch to me at <br0ke@shells.dynsol.net> or <br0ke@math.smsu.edu> or
to the bmud list <bmud@mail.dynsol.net>. 

Make sure you put your name in the Authors file :)

If the patch does not compile cleanly on the release it was built against, it
will probably be ignored. Be prepared to argue for why your patch should be
included, as I've very stupid and very stubborn. I will respond as soon as I get
time to look through the patch, and give it a test run. Please don't get upset
if I don't email the next day, I have very little time to devote to this project
and often go weeks between looking at it.

